EP 1: D-Class Knights 


Murph: Welcome back to Bahumia everybody!


Jake, Emily and Caldwell together: Bahumia 


Murph: I’m your Dungeon Master Brian Murphy joined by Jake Hurwitz, [quickly] Jake Hurwitz don’t say your character’s name [back to normal speed] we don’t want to spoil anything, but say hi.


Jake: Hi.


Murph: You can say hi.


Jake: Howdy everybody, hello, good to be here.


Caldwell: All I need is Jake Hurwitz. 


Emily: I love fake polite intros, I can absolutely slobber my fucking stank on that.


Jake: Pleasure to be with you.


Murph: With the politest intro of all, Emily Axford.


Emily: [in a lower, condescendingly fake and yet almost seductive voice] Thank you so much for having me, it’s really been an honour to be even invited so to actually be launching into this is a thrill.


Murph: And the last guest on the-


Emily:-You said not to do my character voice, but that [goes back into voice from before, but that time a lot flatter and goth-ier] is my character voice.


Caldwell: Wow, so muted. Just so even and flat for radio, I love it


Murph: And then of course we’ve got Caldwell Tanner.


Caldwell: [In a fake business voice] Hi it’s so great to be here- [suddenly much more excited] I can’t do this, I’m fucking pumped! I’m Caldwell Tanner, let’s play some D&D! Woo!


Murph: We are back in the two-dio, we are back together. It is nice kicking off a new campaign all together, because last time we didn’t get to do that.


Caldwell: No


Murph: We got to finish together, but did not start together


Jake: Pivotal moments together


Emily: That was so erotic!


Murph: It sounds erotic, but how do you-


Emily: Everyone started masterbating on the way over [xxx]


Murph: Thank you, I was wondering how it was gonna work, but we warmed ourselves up and then we all had sex with each other, that makes sense.


Murph: Ok, everybody.


Jake: The nuance is gone. There’s no more eluding, that’s what happened.


Murph: We gotta get back in the mood you know.


Emily: Eluding is for losers


Jake: Very good, very very good, anyone who got over the dragon pussy thing and then came back for this episode and they’re like, you know what-


Murph:I’ll give it another try


Jake:They never change


Caldwell: Why elude, when you can keep it lewd, thank you.


Murph: Alright, now that our non-real fans are gone.


Jake: Yeah, hello to the day-one’s
.
Murph: And only the real ones are here with us.


Emily: Oh my, good god.


Murph: I’m going to go ahead and do a bit of a world overview before we meet all of our characters, this is the same setting as campaign one. For anybody who hasn’t listened to it, that’s ok it’s going to be two hundred years in the future, it’s not the same characters. There will be obviously some spoilers about the world in general and the fate of certain characters. But then you can just treat campaign one as a prequel. [starts to whisper into microphone] You can listen to it however you want, it’s all very fun. And with that, let me set the scene.


Jake, Emily & Caldwell: [excited whispers]


***


DM: It has been two hundred years since the goddess Thiala brought cataclysm to the world. In the time since her defeat at the hands of the Titans of Bahumia, the realm has changed dramatically. The hero’s defacto home base, the floating city of Gladehome, subsequently became a beacon of hope for Bahumia reborn.


Jake, Emily & Caldwell: [More excited whispers]


DM: The greatest minds flocked there (arguably the greatest minds)… and discovered breakthroughs in science and magic that made life in Bahumia better for everyone.


Jake: Damn right.


DM: However, the utopian metropolis eventually outgrew the mortal realm and used its advanced technology to teleport the entire city to the astral plane, where it now deals with matters of universal importance.


Caldwell: Good for them.


Emily: Wow those characters sounds cool, should we [xxx]


Jake: Let’s just jump to the astral plane, Murph.


Caldwell: No, put me in the shit


DM: We cut to…three graves.


Jake, Emily & Caldwell: [cackles]


Jake: Oh god, that’s good.


DM: We cut to, a group funeral


Jake: That’s how we would’ve wanted to go out


Caldwell: Aww, one big grave


DM: So, Gladehome, this floating city, disappeared to the astral plane. That was 25 years ago. With many of the world’s best and brightest gone, a struggle for power has emerged on the material plane. After centuries of relative peace, the five remaining Kingdoms quietly vy for power as tensions bubble.


Caldwell: Bloop bloop bloop [I think they’re supposed to be bubble sounds]


Emily: Is that intentional because we’re going to the bubble in Ezry?


DM: We are going to a bubble, it wasn’t intentional!


Emily: [Cheers]


DM: Yes, one of these Kingdoms is where we’ll be starting our adventure. This is the city of Ezry, famous for its magic technology and arcane force field that acts as its city walls. The force field is a magic bubble that protects the enormous city centre, the upper classes and the people that work for them like in the bubble, while the lower classes are relegated to the unprotected outer rim of the city. The City centre is a man-made mountain of gorgeous stone buildings, tiered on top of each other. Cobblestone pathways wrap around the city and climb upward to the higher districts. The city is much too big to walk bottom to top, so you’d probably take one of the many cable cars that shoot through the air to get from the lower districts to the higher ones, and vice versa.


Jake: Very cool.


DM: Very cool shit.


Emily: I desperately desire a cable car fight


DM: We’ll see!


DM: There is open air between the different tiered districts to make room for a constant flow of airships, in and out of various docking stations constantly doing business around the city.


Caldwell: I’m hearing hustle, I’m hearing bustle.


DM: Oh there’s so much hustle and so much bustle.


DM: The greatest ship of all is the mothership.  A humongous air yacht, think Imperial Star destroyer. Huge huge huge, completely dwarfs any other airship, this hovers above the city and hosts the mothership corporation. The mothership is a magi-tech  monopoly that controls the city top to bottom, they’re like [xxx] meets [xxx]. You can  definitely get some trail mix there, but also a missile.


Emily: [more cackling]


DM: No, seriously, they will sell you the magic items you need to run your everyday life, then use the money for the Ezry military, then use that strength to get power, then use that power to get more money.


Caldwell: They make a great tub of pretzels that’s shaped like a tank.


DM: They definitely do.


Emily: Peanut-butter filled too.


Jake: Incredible business model.


Emily: Yeah, these people sound great.


Caldwell: No qualms, no problems.


Jake: Great socks.


DM: There is technically a King of Ezry, but he is such a shill that he literally resides on the Mothership in a Royal quarter. 


Jake: He has a branded crown. 


DM: He does now.


DM: The old castle is now a magic university, the ‘mothership launchpad academy’


Jake, Emily & Caldwell: [various ‘aw’ and ‘oh my gosh’s]


Caldwell: Aw, all those little learners.


DM: The launchpad brings in bright-eyed students, only to feed them into soulless jobs enchanting items all day, or encouraging them to join the secret soldier military. These super soldiers are the pride on Ezry—the synth Eldritch knights—they are implanted with powerful gemstones called monostones that allow the company to artificially upgrade their magic powers. The best of the Eldritch knights were historically the A-class synths, but now experimental S-class synths (why am I having such a hard time saying these words) were recently developed. However, this small S-class squad was mysteriously wiped out along with some of the scientists who developed them, slaughtered at an outpost at the edge of a neighbouring forest. This forest, the living wood, is home to several factions of dragon elves, the captain of the S-class team was a defected dragon elf, named Beatrix Netherin. The company believes the dragon elves are responsible for the murderer, and are using this to gain public support for the military action against them. 


DM: But here we are, talking about A-Class synths, S-class synths.


Caldwell: Sounds great dude, let's do it.


DM: They’re not who’s important right now.


Emily: I’m ready to show you my A-class synth character now


DM: we’ve got some very lovely D-class synths


Jake: Oh, come on


Caldwell: Just as good!


Emily: Hey if it’s a bra size


DM: Yeah, so we’re going to go ahead and start with Caldwell’s character.


Caldwell: [in character voice] Oh, great!


DM: Caldwell, your dude is getting ready for work. The sun has just gone down and D-class synths unfortunately get the night shifts. You are technically a Synth Eldritch Knight of Ezry, but the C and D-classes are effectively city guards.


Caldwell: [still in character voice] “well, everyone has a job, everyone has a purpose and I will fulfill it to the best of my abilities.”


DM: Caldwell would you like to describe your character, how he looks and what he’s doing to get ready for work.


Caldwell: sure [in character] “should I say my name as well?”


DM: Yeah, of course.


Caldwell: “Great, I am [xxx I don’t know how to spell his name], but you can call me Sol”


Sol: “I am a bullywog, I’m about three and a half feet tall, halfling size I would say. And I’m wearing a homemade sweater that’s in the same pattern as the standard issue Synth Knight sweater, but that one didn’t fit me, so I made my own as a replica. The sleeves are a little long, I’m still working on it—I like to knit in my spare time, to kind of quel my thoughts a bit. So I’m in my room, I’ve done my morning exercises—my evening exercises, sorry—I did about one hundred younger presses to get ready, to just made sure my tongue is ready to go because unfortunately I’m too small to use any of the armour that a normal Synth Knight Might use, so I rely on my natural talents and abilities. And at this point I’m probably making a meal for my roommate when he wakes up.”


DM: Great, so Sol you are wearing this sweater, I’ll say it’s a blue one because synth Eldritch Knights, the colours of Ezry, the Knights wear these kind of like crackling magic blue plate, that’s what the A-classes and the S-classes wear.


S: “God, it looks so good.”


DM: Yup, it looks so fucking cool-


S: “resplendent”


DM: The B, C and D classes don’t have an exact uniform, they just wear the colours of Ezry. So they just wear the dark blue. So you went through the whole program, you got your monostone implanted, where is your monostone?


S: “i think mine is probably implanted over my heart, almost like a badge or an emblem.”


DM: That was definitely so dangerous and the doctors and scientists were like: “please don’t make me do this son”


S: “If i die, I die, I’d give it all for Ezr-ie, as they say”


DM: And you were exposed to this magic and unfortunately, it did not manifest in the way that the school wanted it to-


S: “Yet! It did not manifest yet”


DM: It did not manifest yet.


S: “There's still time”


Jake: Simmering.


DM: You do have magic powers but you’re maybe not as cookie cutter as the other knights, they want it to be very uniform, they’re looking for a very particular type of soldier. 
So, as you get ready, you’ve just made food for your roommate and you do see that your roommate was not sleeping, your roommate was at work. Your roommate Albin Penbrook enters the apartment, he’s wearing an ill-fitting suit. It’s a bit too big, he’s wearing a loosened tie. His hair, he’s got a mop-top hair looks a little dishevelled and his glasses are askew. He gets one foot in the door, he drops his messenger bag. 
“Oh, Sol”


S: “Albie!”


DM [as Albin]: “Hey buddy.”


S: “How was your day? Did you get any good quests?”


DM [as Albin]: “Quests, no. I’m-”


S: “Who did you defeat?”


DM [as Albin]: “You know I’m not a knight like you Sol”


S: “I know, but you’re a grand wizard!”


DM [as Albin]: “No, that’s in the K-”


S: “A high mage!”


DM [as Albin]: “No, that’s in the K K K I think”


Everyone: [loud & slightly concerned laughter]


Emily:  I heard that and I was like huuuuuhhh


S: “You’re right, you’re a cool mage.”


DM [as Albin]: “Yes, I spend all day enchanting items. Today I enchanted toilet paper for twelve hours. I cast a sustained presidigitaion cantrip on rolls of toilet paper so that people might wipe their bum once, and then get shit on it, and then the shit would disappear and then they could wipe again and it would clean itself.”


S: Sol puts a hand on Albin’s hand and says “think about how much comfort you have brought to the assholes of Ezry.”


DM [as Albin]: [dramatic sigh of a burnt out twenty five year old who acts like a forty year old] “Thank you, Sol, you always have a way of looking at the good sides of things.”


S: “be [xxx] my friends, be [xxx]”


DM [as Albin]: “I see you made me dinner, thank you so much.”


S: “Yes, it’s three types of spaghetti, which one do you want? Alfredo, Carbonara-”


DM [as Albin]: “All of them, just put them all together.”


S: “OoOh, the Albin special.”


DM: You see he comes over and just starts-


Emily [from far away in the distance, as if she was a goddess passing by who happened to overhear this beautiful conversation]: Spaghetti salad.


Jake: God, the dream.


DM: Just starts eating this disgusting spaghetti, very sad dude and his frog friend. And you know Albin was this brilliant boy wizard, and you went to the launchpad academy with him and you were ‘the boy wizard and his frog pal’ and you went on all these great adventures together, and kind of just got chewed up and spit out. But you are very much keeping your sunny persona.


S: “Best years of our life, until now, until right now.”


DM [as Albin]: “Yes, yes,yes. Um, listen, um, I do have some good news for you though Sol. I heard a rumour that they're making more S-class synths and believe it or not, you may actually be eligible.”


S: [nervous laughter]“You- you don’t say”


DM [as Albin]: “Yes, well from what I hear in the talk around the toilet paper table, some of the more important mages, you know it trickles down. It’s not all shit on toilet paper.”


S: “It shouldn’t trickle down, that means the toilet paper isn’t working properly.”


DM [as Albin]: “Yes, well normally when it comes to magic upgrades with your monostone, it uses more and more magic as you graduate up the classes. You’re given a base level at D-class, then a little more at C, all the way up to A. They see how you respond to it and then you graduate as you earn it, it’s considered incredibly dangerous to jump classes. But apparently, these S-classes are different, they think the technology is strong enough to effectively patch the entire military and bring everyone up.”


S: “We’re all going S?”


DM [as Albin]:: “I don’t know, let’s face it, if they’re going to test the new stuff on anyone, it’s most likely going to be on people like you.”


S: “Right, someone who can handle it.”


Emily: [nervous laughter]


S: “Someone with a lot of potential.”


DM [as Albin]:: “Yes, um, that’s right. So make a good impression I guess, do it for both of us. I'll be on the toilet paper rolls.”


S: “When I’m done, I promise I will help you get promoted to bideas.”


DM [as Albin]:: “Oh, please Sol. Alright, well why don’t you get off to work.”


S: “Will do!”


DM [as Albin]:: “I’ll be here, drunk, when you get back.”


S: “I prepared a series of pre batched cocktails, they’re in the fridge.”


DM: You see he goes over and cracks open a cocktail.


S: Awesome, Sol hops out the window and gets to work.


DM: There’s a perfectly normal door, but Sol opens the window and leaps out, falls like thirty feet.


Jake: He said ribbit.


DM: Someone lets out a scream.


S: I cast slow fall as a reaction, but still get pretty hurt.


DM: Um, Emily!


Emily: [a small scream of terror]


DM: Your character is also getting ready for her shift. Would you like to describe, sort of, your living situation and how you’re getting ready for work?


E: “Ok, [xxx (don’t know how to spell that)] is a rainy day eladrin who is currently on the run from her criminal family in the fey wild. But also going through a really messy breakup. She’s unstable, brimmin’ with emotions that are absolutely spillin’ out everywhere, basically a full rainbow of emotions in a little pint glass of a girl. She’s got blue ‘air in a bubble ponytail, sea-glass sunnies, a raw bit on song lyrics she had tattooed on her forearm after her breakup, and an umbrelly with a really sharp tip.”


S: Yes!


E: “And I live in a Belfry of my friend who is also a criminal,it’s quite modest so I think when I wake up, I try—I’m working with a therapist named Jessica on my breakup and individuating myself and developing a bit of understanding of who I am outside of my relationships. And so I get up, I try to do a bit of meditating, I stare at my journal that says ‘WHO AM I?’ In bubble letters, with just nothing underneath it. And I stare at it, and I think, and I think, and I get really angry, really fucking angry. And I say, get it to fucking together Callie! And I do some really emotional sun salutations.” And then I cast disguise self on myself to make it look like I’m not crying. And just weep behind my disguised self. As I just plod down my little Belfry spiral staircase, wetly.


Jake: I really like emo yoga.


S: Yeah, that’s a mood.


DM: So Callie, you are in a slightly different situation than Sol, your problem has been that your powers have manifested themselves so they become more dangerous as you get more emotional. You become more powerful with your emotions and you’re having a hard time controlling that right now. So Callie as you leave the bell tower and enter the actual chapel, you enter this room with tall ceilings, you see there’s an altar at the front, with a stage and a statue of Moridin, the dwarf god.


E: “I do like the sign of the cross, but with a dwarf beard.”


DM: With a hammer?


E: “No, no, just with a dwarf beard.”


DM: In the pews, you do see a priest, you see forge father Krugen-


E: Krugen?!


DM: He is a quote unquote priest of Moridin who was using the church as a front to commit crime within the bubble.


E: “Which I respect.”


DM: Which you of course respect. You see that he’s this grey bearded dwarf in a black clerical frock and he’s talking to a hobgoblin in one of the pews, this goblin has dark orange skin, dirty black hair and is wearing a duster over a breast plate and you see he has a sword at his side. He definitely looks like a tough dude. They’ve just  exchanged some kind of package, and as you enter the room, both of their eyes shoot up and-


E: “I’m very loud as I enter, it sounds like squeaky wet tennis shoes.”


DM: As you squeak in, you hear the hobgoblin goes [not even going to try to explain that noise] and Krugen holds his hand up and holds the hobgoblin back and goes “Woah, woah, woah, don’t worry, she’s not actually with the mothership. She’s a friend, she’s a friend. ‘Cuz you’re wearing the uniform, Callie. When you walk in here you’re scaring my partitioners a bit”


E: “Ooh, yeah! I’m not working for the mothership, I’m going to a parade and this is my costume.”


DMK: “Yeah right, she’s uh my girl on the inside, ya know.”


E: “I didn’t know if he knew, I just didn’t want to say it.”


DMK: “Yeah, we’re actually doing crime right now.”


E: “You know, I’m actually from avery famous-”


DMK: “No, don’t tell anyone who you are.”


E: “Oh, ok.” I bow wetly.


DM: You see this guy looks like pretty steamed, whispers something in Krugen’s ear, and then walks off.


E: “Krugen, what is going on?”


DMK: “Somebody uh, needed to pray. To uh, the hammer…I was giving him a package. You know, I uh, I smuggle stuff, you know this.”


E: “Ok, ok!”


DMK: “mhm, so uh listen, I looked into that thing that you wanted me to look into, yeah.”


E: “Ok we’re speaking in a lot of sort of veiled language, but I am, I am following.”


DMK: “Well you know we gotta talk in veiled language because of uh, the things we do.”


E: “Ok, ok, yeah”


DMK: “So I uh, I looked into uh, what you were asking me about and it turns out your family has indeed put a bounty out on you.”


E: “Ah, ok, ok, ok. This is fine, I can integrate this information into my sense of self. Actually this might be really good for me because what is the price? It might help me understand sort of my self worth, ya know?”


DMK: “Oh, oh, we’re basing our self worth on a bounty now, are we? Well I’ve got good news and I’ve got bad news, it’s uh, it’s thirty five gold, yeah.”


E: “thirty five?”


DMK: “Which is maybe when you think about it-”


E: [shouting]“I spent more on my shoes than thirty five.”


DMK: “That’s the thing, I didn’t even think for a second about giving you up for that.”


E: “I would hope you wouldn’t think of doing that for anything! We’ve been living together for how long? I’m crying again, but you can’t see because I’ve cast disguise se;f on me-self. You can’t see it, but you must notice that so much water is pouring out me shoes!”


DMK: “You’re clearly keeping it together ok, but here’s the thing, this is probably your family trying to get a rise out of you, yeah? If anything, they care a lot because they’re trying to piss you off.”


E: “That’s not-”


DMK: “It’s like triple reverse psychology, right? They’re putting the bounty out, low bounty, to make you feel bad.”


E: [with Krugentalking over her—or her talking over Krugen]“Well that is how my family, that is how they express their love, yes, Ok I get it!”


DMK: “I ain’t saying it’s a bad thing, I’m on your side here.”


E: “Is it just me or is this terrible now because now I’m gonna have low-grade assassins coming after me, which means they’re not even going to try to kill me, they’re just going to try to hurt me and do a bad job, and they’re going to be a dime a dozen.”


DM: as you say that, give me a perception check.


E: “Ok, I’m actually really good at that, so it shouldn’t be a problem…never mind I have a plus three, 13”


DM: You hear sounds coming from upstairs, in your room.


E: “The Belfry? Ok, one minute. I run up the Belfry stairs as fast as I can without slipping’ on all the water.”


DM: Ok, you climb up the stairs and once you get there you see that someone has indeed entered your room.


C: [dramatic gasp]


DM: You see…a little duck…sitting on top of your diary…white and fluffy, with an orange beak.


E: “Is the window open?”


DM: No.


C & J: [Laughter]


DM: [quacks like a duck]


E: “Hello? Can I fuckin’ help you?”


DM: It just sits there looking at you.


E: “Are you a fuckin’ low-grade assassin, come to off me? Because if you are, you might as well get out of your duck form and takeout your fuckin’ sword and we’ll have it out!”


DM: You see it goes over and kind of imprints on you, like when a duckling gets lost away from its mom.


E: “Oh,what the fuck? [lowers her voice] Ok, here’s the deal, I’m gonna level with you. I’m currently working with my therapist, Jessica (I kind of fuckin’ hate her) and I’ve been going through a process called individuation. So-”


Duck: Quack


E: “I- Ok, you’re very- interrupting a lot. So anyway, it’s important for me to understand myself outside of relationships. So if I’m gonna work on my co-dependency I can’t be taking on a fuckin’ dependent, get it?”


Duck: Quack


E: “Ok, well, you know what? Your legs are fuckin’ tiny, I’d love to see you try and catch up.” And I run.


Everyone: [descends into laughter]


DM: As you start running it just starts flapping and flying-


E: “OH IT CAN FLY AS WELL?! It has wings???”


Duck: Quack


DM: It follows you, and you do have to get to work, so…leave. And then we are going to go ahead and cut over to Jake.


Caldwell: Jake’s not the duck?


DM: Believe it or not, Jake’s not the duck.


E: “Whaaat! Noooo!”


DM: So here’s the thing Jake, your character’s actually doing something slightly different to the other guys, I’m throwing you something different here.


Jake: [nervous] O-ok


DM: So you have been summoned to the mothership for a meeting.


S: Ooh, lucky!


DM: You had to take a cable car up to this huge out-


E: You’re so luckyyy! Get the window seat!


S: “I’ve been saving up for a coin all month!”


Jake: Starting off strong.


DM: You see cable cars all the time, they are completely normal.


S: “Yeah, but not to the Mothership!”


Jake: What a scene!


DM: Yeah, that’s true, that’s true.


DM: You take a cable car up to this huge air yacht, you’ve only been in there a few times, you are brought to a lobby which is this huge room with tall ceilings, the whole room is big and sleek and spotless. There’s all this impressive magical technology around, there’s all these floating orbs that are projecting news from around the city, you see a bunch of stories about the dragon elf attack on the S-synths and tributes to Beatrix Netherin, this Ezry warrior. And she has bright red eyes in the picture. You have definitely never met Beatrix because she’s on a way higher level than you for lack of a better description.


S: Yeah, she rules, we suck.


DM: You’re in this lobby, there’s all these animated brooms sweeping and cleaning, enchanted instruments playing lobby music as important looking mages in crisp robes hustle by. As you’re sitting here, kind of waiting to check into reception, what does your character look like and what is he doing?


J: “Seven foot seven-”


Callie and Sol: [very loud laughter]


S: HERE WE FUCKING GO!


J: “broad, barrel chested, with a close cropped blue beard and swept back blue hair-”


E: [gasp] WE BOTH HAVE BLUE HAIR!


J: “yeah”


E: [delighted giggle]


J: “Calder [surname], even though he’s one of the biggest guys in Ezry, holds himself like he’s small. He’s a half giant, the smallest of his people and he’s always fiercely protected. So he’s made his way down to Ezry where he can finally make a name for himself. I guess leading into this meeting, he had polished the heavy plate he had cobbled together. I have a really cool antlered helm.”


DM: [whistle]


S: Sick


J: "That I didn't have the courage to wear to the meeting, so I just borrowed another one. So I'm sitting on a chair that's way too small for me…like it fits."


DM: [laughs] so you see there is a bigger chair available, but that's one you think your brothers or sisters would sit in.


J: "that's uh, that's for big guys"


DM: [laughs] you're sitting next to this little halfling and they say [in a friendly halfling tone] "hey!" 


J: [deadpan] "Hi."


DM: You are eventually snapped up by a receptionist and brought to a conference room, where, to your surprise, the CEO of Mothership is waiting for you.


Callie & S: [gasps]


DM: [laughs] it is a shock, it is a shock. It's like going into a screen test for this movie and it's just you and Martin [XXX]. Your gut is just punched. You see this halfling woman in this red pantsuit that kind of looks like a mage robe at the top. This is [name]. She is reportedly in her late sixties, but she does not look a day over forty five.


J: "Oh, really"


DM: She is a tight Grandma 


Callie, Calder & S: [shouts of excitement because of the tightest grandma]


E: My husband feeds me! 


S: She is not eating the scraps


DM: She has this tall beehive hairstyle with a bold red lip.


J: "Oh, yeah."


DM: You see as you walk in, she is sitting down on the other end of a conference table, it's very long. She's looking at a clipboard, but she looks up and goes:


DM [as the CEO]: "Caldwell, is it?"


Callie & S: [laughter]


J: "Really, really close, almost close enough. It's Calder. Calder [surname]"


DM [as the CEO]: "Right, um, come sit down Calder."


J: "I-I am."


DM [as the CEO]: "Um, right. Okay. Alright Calder, I'm going to cut to the chase here, we're making more S-class Synths. And I'm looking at your file and I'm seeing the numbers that I like. You're seven foot seven."


J: "Yes."


DM [as the CEO]: "You're four hundred pounds, you're six percent body fat."


J: "uh, yeah. But I can get down to five."


E: [delighted giggle squeal]


DM [as the CEO]: "Yeah, we don't need that. We don't want you to be unhealthy. Anyway, look, how are you a D-Synth? Because I'm seeing here that the other members of your squad, one of them couldn't handle the weaponry and the other one was unstable powers and [XXX] one of the proctors. But you, it says here, failed to light a camp fire? Is it?"


J: "I can light a campfire the standard way, with wood and flints…the umm, yeah."


DM [as the CEO]: "The standard way?"


[Calder trying to explain why lighting the campfire the standard way is better while the CEO talks over him]


DM [as the CEO]: "[trying to get Calder's attention] Caldwell! Caldwell! Calder? Calder! Um, look at me, I wasn't born yesterday, I have a child, and my child has a child."


E: Woah!


DM [as the CEO]: "You can have it all"


[A beat of silence]


J: "I'm truly floored."


DM [as the CEO]: "Listen, I was not born yesterday even though I look like I was. I know you choose to light fire the…regular way. But we spent money, we planted a moonstone in you-"


J: "It was an honour."


DM [as the CEO]: "Um, you should be able to cast magic. It's very simple. [XXX] more advanced things. Tell you what, new test, right now: light my pipe and I will fast track you."


DM: So she kicks her feet up and gets her pipe out. 


J: "I can't believe you look like that and you smoke."


[laughter]


J: “I-um…”


DM [as the CEO]: “Just go ahead, just light the pipe. It’s easy, any fire cantrip will do.”


J: “Yup. Uh-huh.” I search my pockets for flint.


DM [as the CEO]: “Nope, look at me. No flints. We’re not gonna do that.”


J: “Oh, uh-”


DM [as the CEO]: “Just the magic that we put in you.”


J: “So the um…I’ll go for—I’m gonna cast…uh”


[laughter]


J: [pause] “I’m gonna do my absolute best. To conjure a flame.”


DM [as the CEO]: “Oh-Ok.”


J: “I feel like it shouldn’t be that hard.”


DM [as the CEO]: “Nope, and it isn’t.”


J: [pause] “Why don’t you let me hold your pipe? I would hate to do it while it’s in your mouth and it maybe go awry.”


DM [as the CEO]: “Ok, why don't I meet you halfway." And she sets her pipe down in the middle of the table.


J: "Um…"


DM [as the CEO]: “Ok, light the pipe."


J: Calder grips his fist, he feels magic surging through his veins. Only to feel the heat disappear and his hand become a fist of ice as he casts ray of frost.


Everyone: [laughter (and Sol dying of second hand embarrassment)]


DM: You spray this ray of frost, completely cake this conference table. Petina is hit by all this frost. You see she doesn’t flinch, she just goes:


DM [as the CEO]: “Alright Calder, we’ll be in touch. You’re D-class, aren’t you? You should probably be getting to your shift.”


J: “If I could have one more chance-”


DM [as CEO]: “No, that won’t, that won’t be necessary.”


J: “Alright. [pause] Thank you.”


DM: You see as you walk out, you see another seven foot seven guy-


Sol and Callie: Aww, no


J: I cower out of the way of him, “Excuse me sir.”


Sol: Sol is sitting in the locker room looking at his watch like “Is it daylight savings time, what’s going on?”


DM: So you guys all come together. You are all in the same squad. You are all this D-class squad of synth Eldritch knights.


J: “Hey Callie. What’s with the duck?"


E: “Oh, you know- [whispers] I don’t really know.”


J: “What’s your deal, duck?”


Duck: Quack.


E: “Oh, you know what Calder, since you brought it up. [slight pause] I need you to kill the duck.”


J: “Oh, really?”


E: “Yeah.” [starts cackling]


J: “Alright.” Calder walks over to the duck.


S: “Woah! Hey!”


D: Quack.


J: “Excuse me.”


E: “Oh never mind! I’m sorry! I’m sorry! Let’s just leave it, just leave it out of the way.”


S: “Well, it is a duck, so it’s D-class as well—it’s perfect! It could be our mascot!”


J: “I’m more of a mallard man.”


S: “We need a little something extra, I think if we’re going to catch the attention of the higher ups and the-”


E: “I’m really glad you’re thinking that because on my way in here I was like how the fuck a weekre we gonna get out of this fucking shit like we are?”


J: “I got bad news, it’s not any better when you have their attention.”


E: “Why, what happened?”


J: “I just came from Mothership.”


S: and E: “WhaaaaAAAAAATTTTTTT.”


E: “Tell us everything!!!”


S: “Tell us tell us tell us!” Sol is running in circles around him.


E: “Did you meet Petunia?”


J: “Did you know she’s a grandmother?”


S: “Is she as tight as they say?”


J: “Tighter.”


S: [I cannot describe the sound he makes here, please can whoever’s editing give me a hand]


E: [hyperventilating with excitement] “Oh I think I’m cryin’ again! Ithink I’m cryin’!”


S: Sol punches the wall.


E: “I need to go do some angry yoga”


J: “They’re giving everyone another chance, they’re giving us another chance again. But I blew it. I blew it.”


S: “Oh, did you do the-”


J: “Yeah, the ice.”


E: “Why is that the fuckin’ basic thing?”


S: “Did you tell them about the flint and [xxx]?”


J: “I did! I told them up top!”


S: “Well you just pull it out your pockets, it’s so easy!”


E: “You actually make a really quick campfire.”


J: “We learned up North.”


E: “Yeah, when we were up there getting rid of…the…frozen sewage system. That was a bad trip, I didn’t love that.”


DM: Yeah so you guys have been getting really bad jobs lately. You guys all report to this really small security tower in the middle of the trade district. Which is bustling. Imagine a steampunk town square.


S: “Wow.”


DM: There are all these lit up enchanted signs that illuminate the many bars, restaurants and shops. Most of them are owned by Mothership, some of them are called ‘Mothership mini ships’ because they sell little items, just like everyday stuff.


E: “Hold my purse, Imma buy something, Imma buy something.”


S: “Yeah, I gotta pop into the mother and mother store, I gotta get some M&M’s”


J: Calder grabs the purse “it looks like a clutch”


DM: You guys run in, you buy useless things you don’t need, you buy an endless bag of socks.


S: “The discount is too good to ignore!”


J: “Gimme a bag.”


E: “It’s just the hit of dopamine I get from spending money”


DM: At the security tower, you guys unfortunately are going to be relieving some of the previous guards here and you recognise a squad of C-class synths led by this hearty Dwarf woman named Gifford [not sure if that’s spelt correctly] she goes “Well, well, well, looks like it’s time for a D-motion!”


J: “Listen Gifford, we’re not in the mood”


DM [as Gifford]: “Well I’m going to go to bed at a normal time, because I’m C-class”


S: “Alright, but you don’t have a duck, idiot!”


DM [G]: “You have a duck?”


S: “Yeah we’re duck squad!”


E:[nervously] “No we don’t have a duck, that would be so weird”


S: “Yeah, we got a duck and it’s our mascot and we love it!”


DM [G]: “You have a duck?”


S: “What, do you have a cat because it’s C-squad?”


DM [G]: “Yeah, I have a cat at home. It’s a normal ass pet”


S: “That sounds lovely, what’s their name?”


DM [G]: “My cat’s name is Bubble, after the Ezry Bubble.”


S: “That’s clever as hell, I feel like we got off on the wrong foot, I would love to meet your cat one day.”


DM [G]: “Yeah, maybe we should fucking hang out Sol, instead of you hanging out with these other people.”


S: “I- Why can’t we all hang out? You’re dividing lines that don’t need to be there, we are all working for the good of the people in this city.”


E: “DM [G]: I’m just gonna cut to the chase, what’s today been like? What are we taking over?”


DM [G]: [cocky chuckle] “Well, we pretty much cleaned up the streets over here, we had a-uh twelve year old. Trying to steal some of the endless toilet paper.”


J: “Oh God.”


S: “But Albie worked so hard on that.”


DM [G]: “We were able to get the toilet paper back. But the twelve year old got away.”


E: “Oh.”


DM [G]: “Fast.”


S: “Ah, so we’re gonna be cleaning up some TP.”


DM [G]: “Yeah.”


J: “So all the excitement for the day is done. And uh, that’s it. So uh, settle in. Settle in guys.”


DM: DM [G]: walks away, giving Sol a death stare. Like, really focuses in on Sol. Everybody give me an insight check.


S: That’s a nat 20.


E: That’s a nat 20 for me as well


Everyone: [Screams of excitement]


DM: Woah!


J: Wow, wow.


DM: DM [g]: is uh—


J: I got a 7


DM: Woah


S: [jokingly] well then you better get over here!


E: With my Nat 20, I wanna know something Gifford is embarrassed about.


DM: Great. The two people with the Nat 20s [laughs] realise instantly that Gifford is in love with Sol.


Sol & Callie: [squeals and laughter]


DM: And Calder, you just assume that Gifford hates Sol.


E: “OK so we should kiss just to make her jealous.”


S: “Um, ok!”


E: I turn to Sol and I make out with him.


DM: What!?


S: [dies of laughter next to a microphone]


E: As I go in for it, I say “Go with it, trust me!”


S: Sol gets really nervous and accidentally ejects his tongue.


DM: [laughs] Oh my God. Callie you fall back.


J: [confused] “What is going on today?”


DM: [can’t speak because he’s laughing too much] Sol and Callie make out, Gifford fucking punches a wall and keeps walking.


E: “I just wanted to get under her skin.”


S:  [very sincerely] “I don’t think I’m the rebound you need.”


E: [giggles] “[knowingly] yeah, yeah, yeah”


DM: You guys feel—where are everyone’s monostones? Sol’s is over his heart. But for everybody, they’re like tattoos almost, they’re implants, but they stick out of your skin.


E: “Right, so as I said, I’m going through a bit of a breakup, so mine is definitely in my tummy button.”


[laughter]


DM: Ok, so you have a gem there, like a troll doll.


J: Oh wow.


E: “I have a really cute, little [xxx] tummy”


J: I have mine right in the bicep. Classic…classic


S: “It’s not regulation, the exposed midriff. But I will allow it because it’s cute.”


E: “It’s where my power comes from.”


DM: So your guys’ monostones begin to glow. I guess Callie’s like a care-bear? A beam that comes out from your monostones.


S: Sol definitely blacks out a bit every time his buzzes.


DM: [laughs] Oh yeah, yours is right above your heart!


S: [makes a buzzing and then a dying sound]


DM: Yeah, all the blood goes to it somehow.


J: [xxx]


DM: Your heart is beating way too fast, it’s terrible. You guys see small beams shoot from your stones and create a projection of this person named Alexandrite. This is the Mothership AI who gives out missions to the soldiers. She is a purple-reddish figure with mechanical flourishes, she [xxx] like a synthetic dryad. She looks out at all of you and goes 
[as Alexandrite] “Greetings, D-team. There is a mission for you-”


S: “We’re duck team now.”


E: “D-team. D-synths.”


S: “Well we’re working on the title.”


DM: “Duck team.”


J: “That doesn’t necessarily have to stick right away.”


S: “That works! For Alexandrite, I’m just saying that’s two votes.”


DM: “Putting into system: Duck Team. Permanent.”


E: “Please don’t. Because the duck-I promise you. I promise the duck isn’t gonna be here for very long, right, duck?”


J: “We hadn’t discussed it internally.”


E: “I don’t have the emotional capacity to care for someone else right now.”


S: You see Sol is measuring the duck for a sweater.


DM: You start measuring the duck for a sweater. You see Alexandrite laughs politely
“ha ha. You are all so funny and entertaining.”


E: “Honestly, I’m so starved for attention, that works. Thank you.”


DM: “There is an important mission for you two thousand twenty two feet to the north-east at [Strixirs?] Elixirs.”


S: “Strixirs Elixirs, and that’ll just be beamed into our emblems?”


DM: You guys know Strixirs Elixirs as being a combination potion store slash chemistry lab and warehouse. It’s got a dock in the back that feeds out to a series of cable cars that feed up to the Mothership.


J: “Important mission?”


DM: “Every mission is important. Dock workers at Strixirs Elixirs are in danger.”


J: [surprised] “Oh, ah, yes. Let’s go”


S: “Oh, wait. Are they covered in toilet paper, or are they actually in danger?”


DM: “There are rats on the docks. And they are scared of rats.”


Players: [sighs of disappointment]


DM: “It is slowing down an important shipment.”


S: [slightly hopeful] “Oh, ok.”


DM: “Please get rid..of the little rats.”


J: “Yes.”


E; “Oh, ok. You didn’t need to say little-”


[overlapping talking/arguing I couldn’t quite transcribe]


S: “Between me and Calder, how big are the rats?”


J: “But we’re the same size-”


DM: “Even smaller than Calder.”


S: [unimpressed] “Oh. Wow. That hurt all of us.”


J: “Ok, we’ll go clean up the rats.”


E: “Ok. Umm, should we take a cable car?”


J: “There’s not really a direct line, but I guess we’re not doing anything else.”


DM: You guys leave the [trade?] district on a cable car. It’s night, so you see the lights of all the airships going by.


Players: [sounds of bliss and longing]


J: “They’re all doing such important things.”


E: “It’s so pretty. If only we could be just a little bit higher status, right?”


S: “Just a little!”


E: “Just a little!”


S: “I would love to ride on an airship one day.”


E: “Me too.”


S: “You know, I actually thought of piloting one one day…that seems fun.”


E: “You’d be amazing.”


S: “You think so?”


E: “Yeah, from everything you just did in my mouth.”


S; “That is true, I could use my hands to pilot it, and then use my tongue to switch all the gears and levers!”


E: “Yeah!”


S: “I put that on my resume, but they didn’t- it didn’t go- it didn’t work.”


E: I try to shut the cable car door before the duck gets in.


Duck: Quack.


DM: You see the duck flies after the cable car.


E: Oh fine! I let him in 


Duck: Quack 


DM: The duck comes in 


S: “Ok so um, we’ll take this, then we’ll take the cross town, then we’ll take the other cable car back.”


J: “Yeah.”


S: “Should we prep? Should we get our heads straight for what we’re doing when we get there?”


E: “I think we should just stare out the window and daydream.”


S: “Oh, sure, yeah.”


J: “Could we swing by my palace after? I have to pick up my helm.”


[laughter]


E: “I was wondering!”


S: “Yeah, what happened to the helm?”


J: “I didn’t want to be too showy at Mothership.”


E: “You should have been showy.”


J: “You can’t just be strutting around with a fucking helm when you’re D-Team like that.”


S: “It adds six inches minimum! It’s good.”


E: “You know what I was thinking about, ok. They call us ‘D-synths’,which sounds like decent. Right? Which is such a compliment!”


S: “Yeah, when you say it. Yeah.”


E: “Was that mean?” I immediately get so insecure and start crying again.


S: “No! No!…Oh, your disguise self is breaking.”


E: [weakly] “Forgive the puddle.”


DM: You see that as you do that, the duck hops into your lap.


J: “Oh my God it’s a comfort animal.”


S: [laughs]


E: “That sounds really good for someone else.”


J: “Um, Callie it’s-”


E: “Pick it up and-”


J: “No, try petting its feathers.”


E: “I can’t deal with any fucking commitements right now.”


J: “No, you don’t have to commit. Here, I’ll hold it.”


E: “But what if I pet the duck and the duck says ‘actually, I’ve got another girlfriend and I never liked you’ and them,it leaves me.”


J: “Duck, are you gonna- are you seeing anyone else?”


Duck: Quack.


J: “Are you-”


E: “That’s clearly a yes!”


J: “Are you emotionally available?”


Duck: Quack.


J: “I don’t know, I trust it.”


E: “I don’t trust the duck, you have it.”


S: “We’re all sharing the Duck because we’re duck team, but you need it right now.”


E: “I don’t need it, I’m fine. I’m awesome. I’m chiiiiill. I’m calm.”


DM: This is the New York equivalent of you had a mission on 50th street and were on ___ street. But you went to Brooklyn-


E: In that case, I definitely get a falafel and eat it really messily on the subway.


DM: You guys eat on the train car, you go back, you get Calder’s helm.


S: Sol is holding a [xxx] sideways.


J: “And I live in Queens.”


DM: You guys are taking a really roundabout way.


[ad break]


DM: You find yourself at  Strixir’s Elixirs, it’s night time, it’s all lit up. You see this huge potion warehouse. I’ll say at this point, you guys have been gone for like a bit, so the store’s sort of closing up for the night. But you travel through an alley and reach the back of the building where there are these airship docks. And you can see there’s also cable cars with pallets and boxes travelling up and down. One particular cable car with a big wooden box on it is beset by rats. You see a bunch of workers are just staring at it and shaking their heads. You see a foreman with a clipboard walks up to you and goes [as foreman] “[shouting] Are you the synths they sent? I heard you guys were just around the corner, but it took you like an hour and a half!”


S: “We had to get our equipment, it’s very important.”


E: “We had to get our Ducks in a row, I’m so sorry, I had to say it-”


Duck: [repeatedly] Quack


E: “I’m sorry!”


DM: “Ha ha ha! That’s hilarious! Um yeah, so we have a bunch of rats here. So if you could just get the rats.”


S: “Yeah the rats.”


J: “Yeah”


S: “Ok, sure.”


E: “Ok umm, so this sounds like a really important job, we’re probably going to be doing lots of really dangerous magic so you might want to send your employees home.”


DM: “For the whole night? ‘Cuz we need to get this to the Mothership.”


S: “Can they take like an hour break maybe?”


DM: “Uh…”


J: “They should just stand out of the way.”


S: “Yeah”


DM: “Alright, why don’t we do a fifteen minute break, they stand out of the way, while you take care of the rats.”


S: “Yeah, a sanctioned fifteen minutes for sure.”


E: “Okay”


DM: You guys see this foreman yells for the workers to back off of the cable car. You see that there’s all of these rats around and you see that a few of them are up on top of the cable car and after these dudes back up, you suddenly see four of them on top of the cable car [whoosh sound] transform into rat folk rouges-


E: [nervously] Ohhh


DM: bite into the back two cables and the cable car drops and you see it starts swinging down- like it’s dropped hundreds of feet down, everybody roll initiative.


S: Oh yeah, we got our wish.


J: So they’re staying on the cable cars?


DM: They’re swinging on it like Tarzan, they’re essentially connected in four parts, the back two get bit off, the cable snaps from the air dock, the cable car drops, but it’s still connected at the front, so the cable car starts swinging down.


E: And just so I understand, is the main thing that there’s people on these cable cars?


DM: No, it looks like they’re trying to steal whatever’s on there.


S: Oh, so it’s like a shipping container.


DM: Yep.


S: Oh, ok, so folks, we are back. That’s a natural 1.


E: [laughter]


J: I got a 21


E: A 10


S: That’s gonna be a 5 with my initiative though?


J: Ooh, nice dex.


S: Yeah, I got good dex now


DM: Sweet, at initiative 21, that is Calder. Calder, I’m gonna say these guys effectively got a surprise round, so normally you could fall 500ft in a round, but I’m gonna say it’s being slowed because there’s other cables and stuff that it’s crashing through. It’s also connected in the front, so it’s not completely falling. I will say it has fallen about 100ft already, though. It is down deep.


J: I mean, we have to get onto it. I’m gonna jump.


DM: Are you gonna try to jump onto anything? There’s other cable cars around, you could try to snap something and swing after it?


J: Oh, okay. Yeah, that’s what I’ll do. Any one of those severed cables that might be on a similar trajectory. 


DM: You find another cable that’s not connected to anything, that’s more of a support beam for the one that just fell. You cut it as a free action and you swing. Go ahead and make an acrobatics or athletics to try to catch up with this swinging car.


J: “Wow, this is the most excitement I’ve ever seen. Oh hell yeah, that’s a 26.”


S: [excited] Oooh 


E: [cheers]


DM: You successfully do it, I’ll say with just your movement, you run over, cut this cord, jump onto it, swing down. You guys had talked about being on these cable cars, about being on these airships, you are now swinging through the air, you see all the lights of Ezry around you, you see all these rat folk on this shipping container just swinging down and you are able to catch up to it and get on top of it.


J: “Hell yes.”


DM: [panicked] “Ah, what the fuck you doing man? You gonna die for dis? You’re D-Class!”


S: “Oh.”


J: I draw my sword as I unsheath it, it gets covered in frost and ice-


DM: [even more panicked] “Ay, ay, ay, ay - you’re D-class! You’re D-class! What do they pay you?”


J: “I’m Duck team.”


Everyone: [laughter]


Dm: Go ahead and make an attack.


[sound of dice rolling]


Everyone (but Caldwell): No!


S: Yes! Yes!


J: shoutout to the 2 crew.


S: Delicious 


DM: You’ve just done this insane 100-200ft swing, you land directly on it, you delivery this awesome line, you feel fucking great, then for a split second you look at these rat folk and you think ‘is that how short I look?’


J: No!


DM: Then you go to swing into them and it throws you off. But we have started this campaign at fifth level, so you have a second attack.


S: There we go!


J: Yes I do, you know it was the antler helm, it kinda covered one of my eyes, so I flip it over. That’s a 3-


Emily and S: No!


J: That’s a 3.


S: Are you kidding me?!


J: [xxx]


S: Room to grow, room to grow.


DM: You are on top of this cart-


J: So I miss twice, fall over and say “Stand down!”


DM: I’ll say it took the surprise round to cut free, it fell through some other wires and stuff, I’ll say it fell about 200ft down, it’s not gonna move again until next round, so you guys have the same opportunity. But it is the four rats’ turn.


J: Oh dear.


DM: And you are down there with them.


E: Nooo!


DM: They’re gonna go “Alright! If you wanna die for this!” They’re gonna surround you and then stab into you with knives-


S: I forgot they were rouges! Aw fuck!


DM: First one attacks, that’s an 11 to hit?


J: Misses.


DM: You dodge out of the way of the dagger. Second one, another 10.


J: “Cool it.”


DM: “You’re more acrobatic than I thought you would be, you’re huge man!”


J: “Really?”


DM: Next one, as you say really, the next one gets a 22 and stabs you in the back.


S: [dies of laughter in the background]


DM: “Yeah you fucking moron!”


J: As I say really, I raise my hand up so there’s a wall of ice, and I cast shield. So my AC is now 23.


E: Yeah baby!


S: My man!


DM: Yes, ok, he misses. Wow!


S: He’s slingin’ spells!


DM: A wall of ice there, crazy! The last guy goes, he’s got to get a 19 or a 20, he misses! It bounces off a wall of ice, you see as you swing down Callie that is your turn.


E: “Ok, am I down there?”


DM: No


E: “I want to try to get down there.”


DM: [laughing] Ok, great. Do you want to swing on something, or do you want to use a spell? What do you want to do?


E: “I use fey step, which will get me 60ft”


S: [excited] Ooo


DM: Ok, so you could jump, fey step, to get closer.


E: “Great, I do that. I think my fey step looks like I implode into water, then reappear as water.”


DM: Great, so CAllie you also just had this night where you were like ‘man it’d be nice to reside on an airship’. You guys have had nights where you literally just unclogged toilets, it’s like insane the shit they send you guys to do.


S: “Most nights, really”


E: “Finally! A challenge!”


DM: You jump off, you get within 30ft free falling, and then you fey step and land safely, right on top of the cargo as it’s flying down.


E: Oh, can I see what the cargo is?


DM: No, it is a sealed wooden box, like the kind that is nailed shut.


E: Ok, am I near the rats?


DM: [laughing] Oh, yeah, you’re right there with them


E: Awe yeah! I’m in the scrum!


DM: [yelling]“Hey, what’re you doing, what is this, ay ay ay!”


E: [also yelling]“Hey, what’re you stealing?!”


DM: [still yelling]“We need the stuff!”


E: [also still yelling, you get the idea]“What stuff?”


DM: “You know, the things! The juice! We want the juice!”


E: [not yelling “All right,”


DM: [yelling] “We wanna mix up a new juice! With all this stuff, are you kidding me?”


E: im gonna use my cantrip doomblade


DM: as you go to use doomblade